Repository for the Quantitative Properties of an Intracellular Engram. The Code folder contains the Event Codes subfolder, the Helper Functions subfolder and the Scripts subfolder. The scripts contain the Matlab code for the analyses of each of the three data sets on the conditional firing pause in the cerebellar Purkinje cell. The first data set showed the acquisition of a CS-conditional pause in ten cerebellar Purkinje cells. These data were produced by Dan-Anders Jirenhed in the laboratory of Germund Hesslow at Lund University. The second data set gave data for 20 post-acquisition probe trials in an experiment in which the CS was pulsatile electrical stimulation of the dorsum of the paw. Data come from 112 cells. These data were produced by Fredrik Johansson in the laboratory of Germund Hesslow. The third data set give 20 post-acquisition probe trials in an experiment in which the CS was direct pulsatile stimulation of the parallel fiber input to the Purkinje cell.

The scripts use the TSlib toolbox, and open source custom Matlab™ toolbox. The commands in this toolbox presuppose the existence in the workspace of a Matlab structure variable named 'Experiment'. This variable contains a 5-level hierarchical data structure. The levels are Experiment, Subject, Session, TrialType, and Trial. The Subject, Session and Trial levels are indexed (e.g., Subject(1), Subject(2), etc). The Session level contains a field named TSData, which contains the raw 2-column time-stamped event records, with the time stamps in the first column and the numerical event codes in the 2nd column. Commands/functions in the TSlib toolbox read data from one or more fields at some one level within this structure, perform computations on the data read from those fields and return the results to another field within the structure. The structure may be examined by calling the TSbrowser command, which opens a browser. The toolbox is found in the TSlib repository at this CRGallistel GitHub™ site. It includes an illustrated manual.

The commands in the toolbox often call helper functions. The custom helper functions used in these analyses are in the Helper Functions subfolder of the Code folder

The Data subfolder contains a subfolder for each Experiment. Each of these subfolders contains a file with the Experiment structure variable for that experiment and the raw data files from the Hesslow lab, which were read into the TSData fields at the beginning of each analysis. 

The MS folder contains the MS and a subfolder with the figures.